Covid Vaccine Analysis

Overview:
This project is a data analysis tool for examining and visualizing data related to Covid-19 vaccines. It allows you to analyze vaccine distribution, coverage, and their impact on Covid-19 cases. The project is implemented in Python, and it relies on various libraries and data sources for its functionality.
Dependencies
Before running the code, you need to ensure that you have the following dependencies installed:
•	Python 3.x: The code is written in Python, so you need Python installed on your system. You can download it from the official website: Python Downloads.
•	Required Python packages: Install the necessary Python packages by running the following command in your terminal:

pip install pandas matplotlib seaborn 
Getting Started
Follow these steps to run the code and perform the Covid Vaccine Analysis:
1.	Clone the Repository:
git clone https://github.com/Sankar-Prasad/covid-vaccine-analysis.git 
2.	Change Directory:
cd covid-vaccine-analysis 
3.	Data Retrieval:
•	The project relies on external data sources for vaccine and Covid-19 data. You can obtain this data by running the provided data retrieval script:
python data_retrieval.py 
•	This script will download and prepare the necessary data files for the analysis.
4.	Run the Analysis:
Execute the main script to perform the analysis:
python covid_vaccine_analysis.py 
5.	View the Results:
The analysis results will be displayed in the console and saved as images in the results/ directory.

Contribution
If you want to contribute to this project, please follow these steps:
1.	Fork the repository to your GitHub account.
2.	Create a new branch:
git checkout -b feature/your-feature 
3.	Commit your changes and push to your fork:
git commit -m "Add your feature" git push origin feature/your-feature 
4.	Create a pull request on the original repository.



To run Python code in Visual Studio Code (VS Code) that uses Pandas, NumPy, and machine learning libraries, you need to set up your development environment and follow these steps:
1. Install Visual Studio Code: If you haven't already, download and install Visual Studio Code from the official website: https://code.visualstudio.com/
2. Install Python: You need to have Python installed on your system. Download and install Python from the official website: https://www.python.org/downloads/
3. Install Visual Studio Code Extensions: Install these extensions in VS Code to enhance your Python development experience:
•	Python: Allows you to write and run Python code in VS Code.
•	Jupyter: If you want to use Jupyter notebooks within VS Code.
•	Python Extension for Visual Studio Code: Provides a wide range of Python development features.
•	Visual Studio IntelliCode: Offers AI-assisted code completion.
4. Create a New Python File: Open VS Code, create a new Python (.py) file for your code, and write your code.
5. Install Required Libraries: Open a terminal within VS Code or your system's command prompt and use pip to install the necessary libraries. For Pandas, NumPy, and scikit-learn (a common ML library), you can use these commands:
v
